..
    : MolMod is a collection of molecular modelling tools for python.
    : Copyright (C) 2007 - 2019 Toon Verstraelen <Toon.Verstraelen@UGent.be>, Center
    : for Molecular Modeling (CMM), Ghent University, Ghent, Belgium; all rights
    : reserved unless otherwise stated.
    :
    : This file is part of MolMod.
    :
    : MolMod is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
    : modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License
    : as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 3
    : of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
    :
    : MolMod is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
    : but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
    : MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
    : GNU General Public License for more details.
    :
    : You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
    : along with this program; if not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>
    :
    : --

Unit conversion
===============

Introduction
~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. highlight:: python
   :linenothreshold: 5

The MolMod package expresses all quantities in a well-defined `internal units`.
Whenever numerical data goes into the MolMod code, it is assumed to be in
`internal units`, and results will also be returned in `internal units`. When
data is read from a file (through one of the modules in :mod:`molmod.io`) the
numerical values are immediately converted to `internal units`. In case one
needs to print a number on screen or to a file, it can be converted back to some
`non-internal unit`.

The `internal units` in MolMod are the atomic units. Most atomic units are
listed at the `NIST website for physical constants
<http://physics.nist.gov/cuu/Constants/index.html>`_. There is no atomic unit
for temperature, so we use Kelvin as the `internal unit` of temperature. This
approach has three advantages:

1. Atomic units are, just like the SI units, consistent. This means that, given
   any mathematical expression, one can just plug in all values in atomic units
   and the result will come out in atomic units, without the need for some
   conversion factor.

2. Most molecular quantities have a reasonable order of magnitude in atomic
   units, which reduces numerical issues.

3. Several important constants become unity, which simplifies the programming.

The conversion factors to translate values from and to `internal units` are
defined in the module :mod:`molmod.units`. The convention for unit conversion is
as follows:

* **Multiplication** with a constant converts a value **to** `internal units`.
* **Division** with the same constant converts a value **back** to the
  `non-internal unit`

A simple example illustrates these conventions::

    from molmod import *

    distance = 5*angstrom
    print "Distances in internal units:", distance
    print "Distances in Angstrom:", distance/angstrom

Some relevant physical constants are defined in :mod:`molmod.constants`.

Examples
~~~~~~~~

Energies
--------

This example shows, given a reactant and product energy, how one computes the
reaction energy and prints out the result in kJ/mol.

File: ``molmod/examples/000_units/a_reaction.py``

.. literalinclude:: ../../molmod/examples/000_units/a_reaction.py

This example is very basic, but it demonstrates some general requirements for
any script that uses the MolMod package:

* The first line always reads ``#!/usr/bin/env python``. This only matters when
  the script is executed on a Unix machine. It is the so-called `shebang line
  <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Shebang_%28Unix%29>`_, which is used to
  determine the interpreter when the script is executed on the command line::

      toon@poony ~> ./a_reaction.py

  is equivalent to::

      toon@poony ~> /usr/bin/env python a_reaction.py

  The short form only works when the executable flag of the script file is set.
  If this is not the case yet, it can be changed as follows::

      toon@poony ~> chmod +x a_reaction.py

* The beginning of the file must contain a line ``from molmod import *`` to
  import the entire molmod package. Some alternative methods to import
  libraries in Python are discussed in the `official Python documentation
  <http://docs.python.org/>`_.

Wavenumber
----------

Given the mass and force constant of a harmonic spring the following script
computes the spectroscopic wavenumber of the oscillation. The mass and the force
constant are an approximate model for a C-H bond.

File: ``molmod/examples/000_units/b_chbond.py``

.. literalinclude:: ../../molmod/examples/000_units/b_chbond.py


Rotational partition function of Hydrogen
-----------------------------------------

The last example solves a typical statistical physics exam question: "Compute
the probability that a Hydrogen molecule in a dilute gas does not rotate at a
temperature of 300 K. Approximate the Hydrogen molecule as a rigid rotor". The
parameters are included in the source code below. The constant ``boltzmann`` is
defined in :mod:`molmod.constants`.

File: ``molmod/examples/000_units/c_h2rot.py``

.. literalinclude:: ../../molmod/examples/000_units/c_h2rot.py


Problems
~~~~~~~~


H2 oscillation
--------------

Consider the classical description of the H2 nuclei. Assume that the bond
length oscillates with an amplitude of 0.1 Ångström around its equilibrium
value. The spectroscopic wavenumber is 4160 cm\ :sup:`-1`. Write a program that
computes the classical kinetic energy in kJ mol\ :sup:`-1` when the bond length
passes through its equilibrium value.


Heat capacity of the H2 stretch mode
------------------------------------

Consider the quantummechanical description of the stretch mode in the H2
molecule. Write a program that prints out the internal energy in kJ mol\
:sup:`-1` and the heat capacity in J mol\ :sup:`-1` K\ :sup:`-1` at different
temperatures: 300K, 400K, 500K and 600K. The partition function of a harmonic
oscillator is given by:

.. math:: q_{\text{vib}} = \frac{\exp\left(-\frac{\hbar\nu}{2 k_BT}\right)}
                                {1-\exp\left(-\frac{\hbar\nu}{k_BT}\right)}

The heat capacity can be derived from the partition function,

.. math:: C = \frac{\partial E}{\partial T},

where E is the internal energy,

.. math:: E = k_BT^2 \frac{\partial \ln(q_{\text{vib}})}{\partial T}.

The spectroscopic wavenumer of the H-H bond is 4160 cm\ :sup:`-1`.
