"update"
********


Description
===========

Update a specific job definition identified by the given key.


Usage
=====

   oci data-catalog job-definition update [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--catalog-id [text]

Unique catalog identifier.

--job-definition-key [text]

Unique job definition key.


Optional Parameters
===================

--connection-key [text]

The key of the connection resource to be used for harvest, sampling,
profiling jobs.

--data-asset-key [text]

The key of the data asset for which the job is defined.

--description [text]

Detailed description of the job definition.

--display-name [text]

A user-friendly display name. Does not have to be unique, and it's
changeable. Avoid entering confidential information.

--force

Perform update without prompting for confirmation.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id -->
compartmentId), while the values of the keys need to be populated by
the user before using the sample file as an input to this command. For
any command option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key
can be a JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our "using CLI with
advanced JSON options" link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions

--if-match [text]

For optimistic concurrency control. In the PUT or DELETE call for a
resource, set the *if-match* parameter to the value of the etag from a
previous GET or POST response for that resource. The resource will be
updated or deleted only if the etag you provide matches the resource's
current etag value.

--is-incremental [boolean]

Specifies if the job definition is incremental or full.

--is-sample-data-extracted [boolean]

Specify if sample data to be extracted as part of this harvest.

--properties [complex type]

A map of maps that contains the properties which are specific to the
job type. Each job type definition may define it's set of required and
optional properties. The map keys are category names and the values
are maps of property name to property value. Every property is
contained inside of a category. Most job definitions have required
properties within the "default" category. Example: *{"properties": {
"default": { "host": "host1", "port": "1521", "database": "orcl"}}}*
This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--sample-data-size-in-mbs [integer]

Specify the sample data size in MB, specified as number of rows, for
this metadata harvest.


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--
debug", "--defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-
json-input", "--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--no-retry", "
--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id", "--output", "--profile",
"--query", "--raw-output", "--region", "--request-id", "--version",
"-?", "-d", "-h", "-v"
