=======================
Running Glance in HTTPD
=======================

Since the Pike release Glance has packaged a wsgi script entrypoint that
enables you to run it with a real web server like Apache HTTPD or nginx. To
deploy this there are several patterns. This doc shows two common ways of
deploying Glance with Apache HTTPD.

.. warning::
   As pointed out in the Pike and Queens release notes (see the "Known Issues"
   section of each), the Glance project team recommends that Glance be run in
   its normal standalone configuration, particularly in production
   environments.  The full functionality of Glance is not available when Glance
   is deployed in the manner described in this document.  In particular, the
   interoperable image import functionality does not work under such
   configuration.  See the release notes for details.

uWSGI Server HTTP Mode
----------------------

This is the current recommended way to deploy Glance with Apache HTTP and it is
how we deploy Glance for testing every proposed commit to OpenStack. In this
deployment method we use the uWSGI server as a web server bound to a random
local port. Then we configure apache using mod_proxy to forward all incoming
requests on the specified endpoint to that local webserver. This has the
advantage of letting apache manage all inbound http connections, but letting
uWSGI manage running the python code. It also means when we make changes to
Glance code or configuration we don't need to restart all of apache (which may
be running other services too) and just need to restart the local uWSGI daemon.

The httpd/ directory contains sample files for configuring HTTPD to run Glance
under the uWSGI server in this configuration. To use the sample configs simply
copy `httpd/uwsgi-glance-api.conf` to the appropriate location for your Apache
server. On Debian/Ubuntu systems it is::

    /etc/apache2/sites-available/uwsgi-glance-api.conf

On Red Hat based systems it is::

    /etc/httpd/conf.d/uwsgi-glance-api.conf

Enable mod_proxy by running ``sudo a2enmod proxy``

Then on Ubuntu/Debian systems enable the site by creating a symlink from the
file in ``sites-available`` to ``sites-enabled``. (This is not required on Red
Hat based systems)::

    ln -s /etc/apache2/sites-available/uwsgi-glance-api.conf /etc/apache2/sites-enabled

Start or restart HTTPD to pick up the new configuration.

.. NOTE::

    Be careful when setting up other proxies/endpoints in the same VirtualHost
    on Apache HTTPD using. If any are using ``SetEnv proxy-sendcl 1`` then
    Apache HTTPD will buffer the incoming request to local disk before sending
    it to glance. This will likely cause problems when running in this
    configuration and is not necessary. (However, it is necessary if using
    mod_proxy_uwsgi.) For more details, see the section on
    :ref:`mod_proxy_uwsgi` below.


Now we need to configure and start the uWSGi service. Copy the
`httpd/glance-api-uwsgi.ini` file to `/etc/glance`. Update the file to match
your system configuration (for example, you'll want to set the number of
processes and threads).

Install the uWSGI server and start the glance-api server using uWSGI::

    sudo pip install uwsgi
    uwsgi --ini /etc/glance/glance-api-uwsgi.ini

.. NOTE::

    In the sample configs port 60999 is used, but this doesn't matter and is
    just a randomly selected number. This is not a contract on the port used
    for the local uwsgi daemon.

.. _mod_proxy_uwsgi:

mod_proxy_uwsgi
'''''''''''''''

.. WARNING::

    Running Glance under HTTPD in this configuration will only work on Python 2
    if you use ``Transfer-Encoding: chunked``. Also if running with Python 2
    Apache will be buffering the chunked encoding before passing the request
    on to uWSGI. See bug: https://github.com/unbit/uwsgi/issues/1540

Instead of running uWSGI as a webserver listening on a local port and then
having Apache HTTP proxy all the incoming requests with mod_proxy. The
normally recommended way of deploying the uWSGI server with Apache HTTPD is to
use mod_proxy_uwsgi and set up a local socket file for uWSGI to listen on.
Apache will send the requests using the uwsgi protocol over this local socket
file. However, there are issues with doing this and using chunked-encoding, so
this is not recommended for use with Glance.

You can work around these issues by configuring your Apache proxy to buffer the
chunked data and send the full content length to the uWSGI server. You do this
by adding::

    SetEnv proxy-sendcl 1

to the apache config file using mod_proxy_uwsgi. For more details on using
mod_proxy_uwsgi see the official docs:
http://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Apache.html?highlight=mod_uwsgi_proxy#mod-proxy-uwsgi

There are some additional considerations when doing this though. Having Apache
locally buffer the chunked data to disk before passing it to uWSGI means you'll
need to have sufficient disk space in /tmp (or whatever you set TMPDIR to) to
store all the disk files. The other aspect to consider is that this buffering
can take some time to write the images to disk. To prevent random failures
you'll likely have to increase timeout values in the uWSGI configuration file
to ensure uWSGI will wait long enough for this to happen. (Depending on the
uploaded image file sizes it may be necessary to set the timeouts to multiple
minutes.)

mod_wsgi
--------

This deployment method is not recommended for using Glance. The mod_wsgi
protocol does not support ``Transfer-Encoding: chunked`` and therefore makes it
unsuitable for use with Glance. However, you could theoretically deploy Glance
using mod_wsgi but it will fail on any requests that use a chunked transfer
encoding.

.. _uwsgi_glossary:

Glossary
--------

.. glossary::

  uwsgi
    The native protocol used by the uWSGI server. (The acronym is written in
    all lowercase on purpose.)

    https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/Protocol.html

  uWSGI
    A project that aims at developing a full stack for building hosting
    services.  It produces software, the uWSGI server, that is exposed in
    Python code as a module named ``uwsgi``.

    https://uwsgi-docs.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

    https://pypi.org/project/uWSGI/

    https://github.com/unbit/uwsgi

  mod_wsgi
    An Apache 2 HTTP server module that supports the Python WSGI
    specification. (It is not recommended for use with Glance.)

    https://modwsgi.readthedocs.io/en/develop/

  mod_proxy_uwsgi
    An Apache 2 HTTP Server module that provides a uwsgi gateway for
    mod_proxy. It communicates to the uWSGI server using the uwsgi protocol.

    http://httpd.apache.org/docs/trunk/mod/mod_proxy_uwsgi.html

  WSGI
    Web Server Gateway Interface, a Python standard published as `PEP 3333`_.

    https://wsgi.readthedocs.io/en/latest/index.html

    .. _PEP 3333: https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-3333
