[console_scripts]
list-maintenance = gocept.net.maintenance.script:list
localconfig-backy = gocept.net.configure.backy:configure
localconfig-bacula-purge = gocept.net.configure.bacula:purge
localconfig-box-exports = gocept.net.configure.box:exports
localconfig-box-mounts = gocept.net.configure.box:mounts
localconfig-ceph-volumes = gocept.net.configure.ceph:volumes
localconfig-dhcpd = gocept.net.configure.dhcpd:main
localconfig-iptables-rules = gocept.net.configure.iptables:rules
localconfig-kibana = gocept.net.configure.kibana:main
localconfig-kvm-init = gocept.net.configure.kvm:ensure_vms
localconfig-nagios-nodes = gocept.net.configure.nagios:nodes
localconfig-nagioscontacts = gocept.net.configure.nagios:contacts
localconfig-postfix-master = gocept.net.configure.postfix:master
localconfig-puppetmaster = gocept.net.configure.puppetmaster:main
localconfig-resize2fs-vmroot = gocept.net.configure.resize2fs:check_grow
localconfig-users = gocept.net.configure.users:main
localconfig-vm-images = gocept.net.configure.vmimages:update
localconfig-zones = gocept.net.configure.zones:update
rbd-clean-old-snapshots = gocept.net.ceph.utils:clean_old_snapshots
rbd-images = gocept.net.ceph.utils:list_images
request-maintenance = gocept.net.maintenance.script:request
run-maintenance = gocept.net.maintenance.script:run
schedule-maintenance = gocept.net.maintenance.script:schedule

